RHIDP-2057-1 Update 1.1 release notes for fixes in 1.1.2 (#204)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: release-notes/con-relnotes-fixed-issues.adoc

[id='con-relnotes-fixed-issues_{context}']
= Fixed issues

> == Security issues resolved in {product} 1.1.z

Reviewer: @Gerry-Forde revert to following the IBM guidance for [References to earlier or later versions](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm_style/pdf/ibm-style-documentation.pdf) for all instances of _.z_

Author: Thanks @linfraze

A number of security fixes have been applied in this release, including the following:

* link:https://errata.devel.redhat.com/advisory/128590[NodeJS update for RHSA 128590] 
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-28176[CVE-2024-28176] Jose was found to have an uncontrolled resource consumption vulnerability (ocm-backend plugin).
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-28849[CVE-2024-28849] A vulnerability was found in the follow-redirects package. Follow redirects updated to 1.15.6.

> == Enhancements and bug fixes in {product} 1.1.0, 1.1.1, and 1.1.2

Reviewer 2: There will be a 1.1.3; do you really want to keep adding to this list? 
```suggestion
== Enhancements and bug fixes in {product} 1.1.z
```

Reviewer: IBM style guidance on [References to multiple versions](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-versions#references-to-multiple-releases) is to list al the versions the way that @Gerry-Forde has done and to "not use a convention such as 5.x or 5.n"

Author: Thanks for confirming that @linfraze

=== Enhancements and bug fixes in {product} 1.1.2

Impossible to use custom sidecar containers::
In earlier versions of {product-short}, you could not use sidecar containers by overriding the {product-short} image.
+
In {product} 1.1.2, you can now set the *RELATED_IMAGE_** environment variable or the `spec.application.image` field to override the {product-short} image.

Support for non-public images in a Kubernetes clulster::
In earlier versions of {product-short}, there was no option to configure image pull secrets for a PostgreSQL pod when installing {product} using the Operator.
+

> Consequently, for a local PostgreSQL database, this issue prevented a user from using non-public images in non-OpenShift clusters such as Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) or Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, for a local PostgreSQL database, this issue prevented a user from using non-public images in non-{ocp-short} clusters such as {eks-brand-name} ({eks-short}) or {aks-brand-name} ({aks-short}).
```

+

> In {product} 1.1.2, this issue is resolved and you can configure the image pull secrets for both the {product-short} and PostgreSQL pods in `spec.application.imagePullSecrets`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {product} 1.1.2, you can configure the image pull secrets for both the {product-short} and PostgreSQL pods in `spec.application.imagePullSecrets`.
```

Cannot use the Helm CLI to install {product} 1.1.1::

> After the (product-short) 1.1.0 release, OpenShift Helm charts were renamed which created an incompatibility issue with {product-short} 1.1.0 secrets naming conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the (product-short) 1.1.0 release, {ocp-short} Helm charts were renamed which created an incompatibility issue with {product-short} 1.1.0 secrets naming conventions.
```

> After the (product-short) 1.1.0 release, OpenShift Helm charts were renamed which created an incompatibility issue with {product-short} 1.1.0 secrets naming conventions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the (product-short) 1.1.0 release, OpenShift Helm charts were renamed, creating an incompatibility with the {product-short} 1.1.0 naming convention for secrets.
```

+

> As a consequence, in {product-short} 1.1.1 the container fails to start if installed by the Helm CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a consequence, in {product-short} 1.1.1, the container fails to start if installed by the Helm CLI.
```

+

> This regression issue which was introduced in {product-short} 1.1.1 is fixed in {product-short} 1.1.2. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This regression, introduced in {product-short} 1.1.1, is fixed in {product-short} 1.1.2. 
```

Operator pod may encounter an out of memory error::

> In a cluster with a significant number of objects such as deployments and services, the {product-short} operator pod may fail and show an `OOMKilled` status, due to insufficient memory allocation..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a cluster with a significant number of objects, such as deployments and services, the {product-short} operator pod may fail and show an `OOMKilled` status due to insufficient memory allocation.
```

+

> In {product-short} 1.1.2, this issue is resolved by allocating additional memory to the pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {product-short} 1.1.2, this issue is resolved by allocating 1Gi of memory to the pod.
```
